           ------------
           -<Cat name>-
           ------------

Intro:
    Game starts with you and your classmates sitting in some lecture. 
    You're browsing iconhazcheeseburger on your laptop rather than paying attention, of course. 
    Finally you fall asleep and whack your head on the desk, and get transported via 
    one way ticket to lala land. 

    (Hey, I felt the need for an intro to set up WHY I'm writing a cat rogue-like)... 
    really I just want my kitty from Witac back.

    At this point the real game starts, with you appearing as a cat. Naturally this is all 
    kinds of shocking and so perhaps on the first few turns your movements are very clumsy, 
    say, 25% chance of stumbling instead of going straight. 


Mechanics:
    9 lives? Too easy? Make death easy, unkillable dogs, scratch on the nose stuns them for 3-4 turns
    Cats wearing armor? I could dig it, it is a dream... dude, like nun-chuck stuffed mice
    Doggy doors allow for passage but not sight
    sense of smell goes farther than sight (around corners), only picks up certain items, not walls
    sense of hearing goes further still for noisy items, perhaps travels through grates on the floor as well

    idea here is to create an environment you want to slink in, not just run straight through. Encourage smelling around corners, listening at grates/stairs, walking slowly and deliberately.

Verbs:
    open door (hey, cats are smart)
    close door
    make - allow for the cat to take items such as yarn and leather and make a cloak, where do patterns come from?
    eat
    drink
    pick up
    drop
    inventory
    look
    rest
    use
    scratch - possibly scratch will bring the vacuum closer as the human sees something that needs fixing?
    smell - sits a turn and reveals things within your scent radius
    listen - sits a turn and reveals noisy objects for a ways around... maybe sound can go up vents?
    sight - see an extra (3?) spaces in the direction you're facing (passive)
    pounce - 3 squares straight forwards anything in the way affects you

Enemies:
    Vacuum - Noisy, hear it rooms away, unkillable, fast
    Other cats
    Dogs
    Tiny kids (tail pulling!)
    Mouse traps (passive enemies, unsmellable, unhearable, hard to see unless you go slow)


Prey:
    Mice
    Squirrels (in the house?)
    Bugs
    pieces of string


Items:
    Ball of yarn - wastes a turn, yippee
    belled ball - might distract other cats?
    scratching post - sharpens claws
    can of food - scratch multiple times to open
    water bowl - drink
    food bowl - eat


Food:
    Catnip - yields heighted senses for a few turns (longer hearing, maybe see in the dark), but over time an addiction develops.
    Dry food - basic stuff, keeps you alive but makes you thirsty
    Water - fixes thirst, comes from faucets/toilet/bowls
    Wet food - fancier, restores more health, restores vigor, partially helps thirst
    prey bodies - Yummy! Choke on the bones (3% chance)
    poisoned cheese for mice - sickness/death

